Add testing instructions to PR template (#13203)
JabRef/jabref: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Closes #_____

In about one to three sentences, describe the changes you have made: what, where, why, ...

<!-- NOTE: If your work is not yet complete, please open a draft pull request. In that case, outline your intended next steps. Do you need feedback? Will you continue in parallel? ... -->

### Testing instructions

> Describe how reviewers can test this feature. The best is a step-by-step guide aimed to a beginner user of Jabef.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe how reviewers can test this fix/feature. Ideally, think of how you would guide a beginner user of Jabef to try out your change.
```

> You can add screenshots or videos (using [Loom](https://www.loom.com/) or just adding .mp4 files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add screenshots or videos (using [Loom](https://www.loom.com/) or by just adding .mp4 files).
```
